1) What is JDK, JRE and JVM?
    JVM is known as Java Virtual Machine. It is an engine that executes java bute code (.class files). The JVM is platform specific - different JVM for windows, linux, macOS etc,. JVM handles memory management, security, garbage collection and code execution.

    JRE, also known as Java Runtime Environment, contains a set of core libraries required by the JVM to execute our java code. The library is in .class format (byte code). 
    JRE = JVM + Core Libraries.

    JDK, also known as Java Development Kit, contains development tools along with the JRE. It contains the javac compiler, debugger and other tools for development.
    JDK = JRE + development tools.

2) What is byte code?
    Byte code is the intermediate code generated by javac compiler. Byte code is not machine specific and can run on any JVM. Once we build/compile our java application, the java code is converted to byte code. File format of byte code is '.class'.
                        javac
                .java ---------> .class

3) What does 'Write Once, Run Anywhere' mean?
    “Write Once, Run Anywhere” means that a Java program is written once and can be executed on any operating system without modification, as long as a compatible JVM is available. Because, the source code is compiled into platform-independent bytecode, not native machine code. 
    The JVM's interpreter & JIT Compiler, converts the byte code to platform-dependent native machine code and executes it. This is why there is different JVM version according to OS type, but same JRE and JDK for all OS types.
    